That's right, this person dared to call the police
I have reported this matter to Lord Xuanque
He'll be here soon.
Ladies and gentlemen
If you still think he is the Qin army
Then wait a while for Lord Xuanque to be punished
Don't be reminded by us
Shi Hua
The ninth master asked you to stay, it must be the insects that put them away frequently.
He's making trouble here
Some youth is unhappy
Youth is bound to sin
Boy, how dare you pretend to be the Qing army and deceive me?
You are so happy
Boy dares to bully my three major families
You know the consequences of offending us.
As long as we say a word
No one dares to use you anymore
No one dares
Because we almost offended Jiu Ye and Qing Jun
You think you
Can you leave this hall alive today?
So
Are you ready to go against the fate of the chaperone?
presumptuous
You are about to die, and you still dare to call Jiu Ye's name meeting directly
Today is the day when the gods come to save you
Ladies and gentlemen
It's all about your son
But you are right and wrong
Get hands-on with the situation
I'm not afraid to fly today
daughter of the Tang family
I understand that you have some unique background
So a good person advises you
Don't lose sight of the situation
You two chickens?
The Mishima Patriarch called Destruction?
I beat you guys.
It's a pity you don't want it yourself
Then don't blame me
Started calling again haha
Cancel all cooperation between the three families
I'm going to be hard to defend
No more three families
withdraw cooperation
Southern Province takes over three more families
Young man, you are not very capable, and your breath is not small.
Crazy.
Not to mention we want it tonight
Meet the Qing army above ten thousand people
With the foundation of our three families alone
Across the southern province for 50 years
Except for that one
Who can move us?
What!
Cooperation cancelled